[ELDER PRICE]
Ever since I was a child, I tried to be the best...
So what happened?
My family and friends all said I was blessed...
So what happened?

It was supposed to be all so exciting, to be teaching of Christ 'cross the sea
But I allowed my faith to be shaken – oh, what's the matter with me?
I've always longed to help the needy, to do the things I never dared
This was the time for me to step up, so then why was I so scared?

A warlord who shoots people in the face – what's so scary about that?
I must trust that my Lord is mightier and always has my back
Now I must be completely devout; I can't have even one shred of doubt!

I believe that the Lord God created the universe
I believe that he sent his only son to die for my sins
And I believe that ancient Jews built boats and sailed to America
I am a Mormon!
And a Mormon just believes

You cannot just believe part-way, you have to believe in it all
My problem was doubting the Lord's will, instead of standing tall
I can't allow myself to have any doubt, it's time to set my worries free
Time to show the world what Elder Price is about, and share the power inside of me!
I believe that God has a plan for all of us
I believe that plan involves me getting my own planet
And I believe that the current President of the Church, Thomas Monson, speaks directly to God
I am a Mormon!
And, dang it, a Mormon just believes! (A Mormon just believes!)

I know that I must go and do the things my God commands (Things my God commands!)
I realize now why he sent me here!
If you ask the Lord in faith, he will always answer you
Just believe in him and have no fear

[UGANDAN SOLDIER]
(General! We have an intruder! He just walked right into camp!)

[ELDER PRICE]
I believe that Satan has a hold of you
I believe that the Lord God has sent me here!
And I believe that in 1978 God changed his mind about black people! (Black people!)
You can be a Mormon!
A Mormon who just believes...

[GENERAL BUTT-FUCKING NAKED]
(The fuck is this?)

[ELDER PRICE]
And now I can feel the excitement: this is the moment I was born to do
And I feel so incredible to be sharing my faith with you
The scriptures say that if you ask in faith, if you ask God himself, you'll know
But you must ask him without any doubt, and let your spirit grow! (Let your spirit grow!)
I believe that God lives on a planet called Kolob!
I believe that Jesus has his own planet as well
And I believe that the Garden of Eden was in Jackson County, Missouri

If you believe, the Lord will reveal it
And you'll know it's all true – you'll just feel it
You'll be a Mormon!
And, by gosh, a Mormon just believes
(A Mormon just believes)

(Just believe, a Mormon just believes)
Oh, I believe! (Just believe, a Mormon just...)
I believe! (...believes!)